1. Create a simple header file that will 
   have a function that will print out 
   Hello World 

2. Create a header file that contains the function declarations 
   and functions for listed functions 

	A.Your function to clear a screen
        b.Your safe version of scanf
	c.Your version of gets

3. Modify the above so that the functions can be used in another file
   , this means the function declarations are followed by the block functions

4. Create a header file that will contain some Handy Macros that you made in the previous section
   use them in an example program
	ones that will really be handy 
		A.The error log macro
		B.The dump message
		C.the compiled program information

5. Create a header file that will contain a simple structure called student_data
  the structure will contain these variables
  A.string for name
  B.int for student number
  C.string for degree name
  
  Then use the header file in a program and access the struct and create a student in it 
  and print out the details of that student

6. Create a header file that contains a set of functions for a stopwatch
   E.G a function to get the current time , a function to get the time since being pressed
 
7. Modify the above so that there are two extra functions , one to convert seconds to minutes
   and another to convert minutes to hours

8. modify the above so that the header has idempotency guards built in to test that it hasn't already been included
   and to check that time.h hasn't already been included

9. Modify the program so that it will know if the compiler is Ansi standard or not, if its not Ansi C then 
   the program will close

10. Modify the above header file so that it will use macro pre-processor definitions to add the appropriate 
   system time header file for a C and a C++ program 
   E.G the program will include "time.h" for a c program and "ctime" for a c++ file
   Also included commented out Examples on how to use the header file
 
	Congratulations You now have created a full header file with all the safe guards of a 
  	proper programmer , everything here has been to the Ansi standard so please try to keep
 	to it
